misp (#493)
it-at-m/opensource.muenchen.de: software/misp.md

---
title: MISP
developerlink: https://www.misp-project.org/
licensingmodel: open source
logo: /logo/misp.png
tags:
- infrastruktur
- security
---

> The __Open Source Threat Intelligence Platform__ (''MISP'') is used as a plattform for sharing Incicators of Compromises (IOCs) and other relevant information accross all parts of the German Cybersecurity network including the City of Munich.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The __Open Source Threat Intelligence Platform__ (''MISP'') is used as a platform for sharing Indicators of Compromise (IOCs) and other relevant information across all parts of the German Cybersecurity network including the City of Munich.
```

> --

Reviewer: and this @klml :D

In our organisation this Platform is used to widely detect Threat Actor Activity accross our IT-Infrastructure.

> "The MISP" gives us the ability to corellate the shared information within our Security monitoring Infrastructure to detect Security occurrences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"The MISP" gives us the ability to correlate the shared information within our Security monitoring Infrastructure to detect Security occurrences.
```
